Replace setup.py with pyproject.toml (#32)
getyourway/pygyw: README.md

## Installation

To install PyGYW, append this line to your `requirements.txt`:

`pygyw @ git+https://github.com/getyourway/pygyw.git`

Then run the following:

```shell
pip install --upgrade pip
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

> If you are a GYW employee and you want to develop PyGYW, clone the develop branch through SSH and install it in editable mode:

Reviewer: This is very good explanation, just it is not limited to GYW developers, but to anyone who wants to contribute
```suggestion
If you are a developer and you want to contribute to PyGYW, clone the develop branch through SSH and install it in editable mode:
```
